docs: update CONTRIBUTING.md to split frontend/backend and add emulator info (#4871)
google/osv.dev: CONTRIBUTING.md

TESTS_GENERATE=1 make all-tests
```

#### Running a local API instance (maintainers only)

Running a local instance of the API server requires the path to application
default credentials. This is required so that the ESP container has credentials
to download API configuration.

```shell
gcloud auth login --update-adc
make run-api-server
```

#### API E2E Snapshots

If you have made any changes to the API, please update the API query snapshots with

```shell
gcloud auth login --update-adc
make update-api-snapshots
```

and check the git diff to see if the API result changes are expected.

### Frontend development

#### Running a local UI instance (maintainers only)

```shell
gcloud auth login --update-adc
make run-website
```

> #### Running a local UI instance (non-internal contributors)

Author: ```suggestion
#### Running a local UI instance
```

> For non-internal contributors, you can use the website emulator which does

Author: ```suggestion
For contributors without access to the GCP project, you can use the website emulator which does
```
